The final decision you'll need to make is whether or not you want to
install other modules from the JHipster Marketplace.
The marketplace is a site that offers modules that are
written by third-party developers,
and are used for specialized scaffolding generation.
These modules introduce non-official JHipster features to the project.
For example, if you were looking to use React,
you may consider checking the marketplace to include a React module.
As we don't need additional modules for this demo,
I'll just enter No for this decision.
Note that once that is clicked, the project will begin to generate, which I'm going to cover in the next section.